one thing that's really
important to me in the kitchen
is to have all my knives really
sharp so I want to teach you how
to sharpen your own knives in
your own kitchen first step is
to get a sharpening stone one
side with more ruff grains the
opposite side has smoother
grains so once you get your hand
in the knife set at a certain
angle just keep it up that angle
throughout the sharpening
process so I'm just going to
start making circles here and
i'm going to start at the tip
and just move to the middle and
then down to the bottom and then
just kind of go back and forth
i'm going to turn to the smooth
side do the same thing mysteries
like this for a few seconds at
the end just do one clean swipe
each direction there's a very
shiny sharp knife you can tell
the part that's been sharpened
because it's super shiny looks
like brand-new metal and then if
you want to test to make sure
its sharp just rub it on your
fingernail for a second if it
easily scrapes off little little
pieces of fingernail dust and
it's short and it's ready to use
so now that I have this knife
sharpened i can go and very
confidently use it to cut
anything I want to like meet
once you learn how to sharpen a
knife
it really makes cooking a lot
more enjoyable